capital = 588
primary_culture = south_german
culture = zzz_religion_catholic
religion = catholic
government = democracy
plurality = 0
nationalvalue = nv_tradition
literacy = 0.49922

civilized = yes

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

# political reforms
slavery=yes_slavery
vote_franschise=wealth_weighted_voting
upper_house_composition=state_equal_weight
voting_system=jefferson_method
public_meetings=yes_meeting
press_rights=censored_press
trade_unions=all_trade_unions
political_parties=gerrymandering

ruling_party = KNZ_liberal
upper_house = 
{
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 15
	conservative = 80
	reactionary = 5
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 1
nonstate_consciousness= 0

# Technologies
army_command_principle = 1
basic_chemistry = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
experimental_railroad = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
guild_based_production = 1
high_pressure_steam_engine = 1
hot_blast = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
mechanical_production = 1
no_standard = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
private_banks = 1
prestige=0
oob = "KNZ_OOB.txt"
set_country_flag = member_hre
set_country_flag = religi
